New Year, New Me A saying that you might have heard hundreds of times now it's used most often around
New Years to kind of solidify your New Year's resolutions with React Native and Expo, it's more so.
New Month New Me Right in the JavaScript ecosystem, things can move exceptionally quickly.
And so when we started off this project, we were around expo version 40.
And as of right now we're at version 43, and whatever version it's at doesn't really matter.
The question begs, What do we do?
How do we upgrade and keep our projects up to date when we use expo?
While the following videos are going to try to explain in the most simple way possible what steps you
should go through, why you should go through them, and what the end consequence is, what steps do
we need to take once we upgrade?
Because upgrading a scary upgrading has always been scary, right?
Especially upgrading three minor versions of Expo Right?
Like, if we look at the highlights, there's so many things.
There's experimental support for Hermes.
There's improved module infrastructure and all of these good, nice to have things right, and we want
to keep our projects up to date so that we can always have the latest versions of everything, right
with the new XL version.
We're upgrading to a new version of React Native, and we're getting the new version of React for Free.
And so these videos are not intended to kind of like push you through and get you to use every little
bit of what comes in these new versions now.
What we're trying to get at is what do we need to know?
To upgrade and keep our projects up to date.
And for that will be using meals to go.
So get ready.